Fall 2016 Code Louisville PHP Project

The application is designed to answer the inevitable "Where Do We Want To Go Eat" question, which virtually always results in a visit to the same restaurant that was just visited, because it's freshest in the mind. It will allow the user to create a list of restaurants, and then have one randomly selected when it comes to DiningDecisionTime.


THE PLAN IS .....

	The initial/home screen will have two buttons: one for "Hungry?" that will suggest a random restaurant, and one for "Preparing", which will access the database for adding or editing  the listing of restaurant options. 

	Restaurants will be fully randomly selected, or may be limited by options such as cuisine, neighborhood, or "New to me".

	
Pages will be:
	Index page, with two links
	Selection page, displaying the random restaurant option
	Directory page, listing all the restaurants (with option to add/edit)
	Edit page, with form to add/edit restaurant entries



Files needed:
	connection
	credentials
	header
	footer

	css
	js
	img

	index
	selection
	directory
	edit

	database



The database will ultimately contain the following fields (not necessarily in this order):
	RestID				SERIAL						Primary ID
	restName			VARCHAR(40)
	neighborhood	INT(3)						neighborhoodID from other table
	cuisine				INT(3)						cuisineID from other table

	rating				INT(1)

	curbside			ENUM("yes","no")	checkbox; curbside pickup?
	newToMe				ENUM("yes","no")	checkbox
	happyHour			ENUM("yes","no")	checkbox; daily specials?
	local					ENUM("yes","no")	checkbox

	street				VARCHAR(50)
	city					INT(3)						cityID from other table
	state					CHAR(2)
	zip						CHAR(10)
	phone					CHAR(10)
	webAddress		VARCHAR(50)
	menuURL				VARCHAR(50)
	orderURL			VARCHAR(50)
	facebook			VARCHAR(50)				OR LESS ... if just the personalized URL can be stored for direct link
	twitter				VARCHAR(40)				OR LESS ... if just the username can be stored for direct link
	notes					TEXT							for comments, dishes to try, etc


Related tables:
	Neighborhood
	City
	Cuisine



HTML Form Page:
	Bootstrap/Responsive
	Check if restaurant is already stored
	Input into database
	Sanitize input
	Strip Facebook & Twitter (to get just username)
	Accommodate multiple neighborhoods/cuisines
	Required fields
	Dropdown for neighborhood/cuisine (from database)

Directory Page:
	Bootstrap/Responsive
	Pull from database
	Edit button --> pre-populated entry form page
	Delete button -- WITH CONFIRMATION
	Sortable columns



FUTURE ADDITIONS:
	Deepen the info on each restaurant
	Sortable directory
	Multiple neighborhoods, cuisines
	